The Instruction of my Jackpot game:

1 - At first the player should enter the credits in credits entery Line Edit.

2 - Then game by default calculates the middle payline, if the player wants to
    increase its own chance to win, can do it by clicking on the "FirstThird" button
    to activate calculation for the first and third rows of the reels and also by
    clicking on the "Diagonal" button can activate calculation for the diagonal paylines.

3 - Now the player should click "Credits" button to insert the credits and in the LCD below the
    Credit button can sees the number of times that is allowed to spin.
    The number of spins are calculated based on the number paylines that are chosen by the player.
    1 payline---> spin_remained = credit / 3^1
    2 paylines--->spin_remained = credit / 3^2
    3 paylines--->spin_remained = credit / 3^3

4 - Now the player can start the game by clicking spin button.
    By each time clicking spin button the spin remained LCD that shows the number of spin decreases the
    number of spinning by one.
    In the middle of the game, it is allowed to change the paylines choices and then click on Credit button,
    but for changing the amount of credit the player needs to reset the game and then start from 1.

5 - Before each time of spinning the player can locks each reel by clicking lock button below the reels.
    By clicking it again the lock of the reel will be released. if the reels are locked the method of
    calculation of the score does not change.

6 - During the game The player can sees its score in the TextEdit below the LCD and at the end when the
    number of spinning is over, the amount of credits, the final score plus the result of winning or losing
    the game. if the player gain any score during the game, s/he wins, otherwise loses.

7 - When the game is over regardless of its result, all the buttons except Reset and Quit buttons are locked.
    In this point, if the player wanted to play again should click on the Reset button otherwise clicks on the Quit
    button to finish the game and close the window.
8 - The color of the background is replace by tile.png image in the Resources.

P.S.1 - The calculation of the score is described in the "main_window.cpp" file.
P.S.2 - If the Game does not work properly just click on Quit and run it again.

